Collaborative Experiment Tracking Docs (#2589)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/visualisation/experiment_tracking.md

* Model weights
* Plots and other visualisations

> Kedro-Viz provides a reliable and convenient way to store and access experiment data. With collaborative experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz, you can easily share your experiments with team members. This is made possible through local and remote storage solutions. Whether you choose to store your experiments locally or leverage cloud storage options like AWS S3, Kedro-Viz ensures that all team members can access and analyze their own experiments as well as those conducted by others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Kedro-Viz experiment tracking to store and access results, and to share them with others for comparison. Storage can be local or remote, such as cloud storage on AWS S3.
```

SESSION_STORE_ARGS = {"path": str(Path(__file__).parents[2] / "data")}
```

> This specifies the creation of the `SQLiteStore` under the `data/` subfolder, using the `SQLiteStore` setup from your installed Kedro-Viz plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specifies the creation of the `SQLiteStore` under the `data` subfolder, using the `SQLiteStore` setup from your installed Kedro-Viz plugin
```

This step is crucial to enable experiment tracking features on Kedro-Viz, as it is the database used to serve all run data to the Kedro-Viz front-end. Once this step is complete, you can either proceed to [set up the tracking datasets](#set-up-experiment-tracking-datasets) or [set up your nodes and pipelines to log metrics](#modify-your-nodes-and-pipelines-to-log-metrics); these two activities are interchangeable, but both should be completed to get a working experiment tracking setup.

> To enable collaborative experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz, you can specify a remote path in the SESSION_STORE_ARGS variable, which links to your cloud storage. In Kedro-Viz version 6.2, the only way to set up credentials for accessing your cloud storage is through environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```important
In Kedro-Viz version 6.2, the only way to set up credentials for accessing your cloud storage is through environment variables.
```

> To enable collaborative experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz, you can specify a remote path in the SESSION_STORE_ARGS variable, which links to your cloud storage. In Kedro-Viz version 6.2, the only way to set up credentials for accessing your cloud storage is through environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable collaborative experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz, specify a remote path in the `SESSION_STORE_ARGS` variable, which links to your cloud storage. In Kedro-Viz version 6.2, the only way to set up credentials for accessing your cloud storage is through environment variables. 
```

```python
from kedro_viz.integrations.kedro.sqlite_store import SQLiteStore
from pathlib import Path

SESSION_STORE_CLASS = SQLiteStore
SESSION_STORE_ARGS = {"path": str(Path(__file__).parents[2] / "data"), 
                    "remote_path": "s3://my-bucket-name/path/to/experiments"}
```

> Please ensure you have the necessary credentials set up as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have the necessary credentials set up as shown below:
```

```bash
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="your_access_key_id"
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="your_secret_access_key"
export AWS_REGION="your_aws_region"

```

> Kedro-viz saves your experiments as SQLite database files on a central cloud storage. To ensure that all users have a unique filename you can set up your `KEDRO_SQLITE_STORE_USERNAME` in the environment variables. By default, Kedro-viz will take your computer user name if this is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kedro-Viz saves your experiments as SQLite database files on a central cloud storage. To ensure that all users have a unique filename set up your `KEDRO_SQLITE_STORE_USERNAME` in the environment variables. By default, Kedro-Viz will take your computer user name if this is not specified.
```

```bash
export KEDRO_SQLITE_STORE_USERNAME ="your_unique__username"

```

> By following the above steps and providing the necessary credentials and a unique username, you can enable collaborative experiment tracking in Kedro-Viz. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
